# Temperature-Anomaly-Conflict-Code
Code of the data analysis on the effect of temperature anomalies on conflict. 
The files in this project are the following:

1. Environmentrics_New_Model_Analysis.Rmd: This is a R markdown file containing the annotated code for the main bayesian model in the paper. Also, the file contains the INLA and the RJAGS Code. The codes have been annotated for understanding and readabilit. The file takes a the raw data file, processes the data for analysis and then contains codes for running the analysis. The analysis is not parallelized since the code is not released for commercial usage. At a later date, we will release a commercial usage code for the process, which will be parallelized. 

2. Example1.bug: Contains the base model for the RJAGS section of the analysis code. 

3. Output-Jags-V2.txt: contains the summary output of one run of the rjags model. The output contains the distribution of the Beta and R vectors. Note that this is just one sample output, the final ioutput was generated by aggregating multiple runs. 

4. INLA.csv: Contains the summary output of one run of the INLA code. Note that this is just one sample output, the final ioutput was generated by aggregating multiple runs. 

5. Eample2.bug: This is a sample rjags model similar to the one in paper. This is not the actual model, rather has been only used for checking consistency of results. 

6. ENVRData.RData: This is the sample data to check that operations of the code. This is not the actual data -- since the actual data is propritary and cannot be released -- not before acceptance of the papers for which is data is being used. The sample data has been generated as follows: (i) random subset or rows selected from the full data, (ii) purturbing the columns with white noise, (iii) random permulation of the columns, so column statistics will be consistent with actual data, but across column correlation has been purturbed, and (iv) masking country and national identifiers with numerical codes. 

Upon acceptance we will release the following: (i) commercial code with proper parallelization, and (ii) sub-sample of actual data. 
